In this we will learn on how to make a raw data look good for a presentation by doing formatting.

1.Make the header bolder.

2.Making student names to italic.

3.We will make Average cell also bolder but this time we will use format painter in which first we select the number
of cells we want in bolder from the cells which we have already done bolder i.e. from header cells and then
click on Average cell and this will bold them as well.

4.Next we will underline on total and percentage cells.

5.Next we will change the format of the table by selecting whole table and goto fonts option first and change it to
Century Gothic as in this font the numbers shown are big/large.

6.Next we will change the font size of the header text by clicking on the A^ symbol or else by defining the font size.

7.Also we will decrease the font size of inside data to 10.

8.Next we will draw the borders outside the table by selecting the whole table and clicking on the border option
found in Home tab and inside of it click on outside borders option.

9.We can also add different type of seperating lines in our table i.e. inside or outside by selecting the whole table,and clicking
on border option and then click on more border option and inside it  we can see on right we have graphical box which shows us
our table inside and outside borders and we can select dotted and non-dotted lines for borders.We will select dotted lines for inside.

10.Next we will change the color of header cells and give them a light grey color.

11.Next we will change the font color of student cells and give them a light blue color.

#$IMP. TIP$#
12.Next we will select the whole table cells and  goto format option present in Home tab and click on Autofit column width.
.We can also set row and column width by giving numbers in the format option in row/column width option and write width according to us.

13.Next we will algin all the header cells in centre and student name in Right

14.Next we will align the Average row text vertically in middle align.

15.Next we will  add title to the table first by adding some rows and adding a column on left in the table.

#$IMP. TIP$#
=>We can repeat the same Process of adding rows columns by pressing F4 after first adding a row/column.

16.One more #$IMP. TIP$# is that when a data is not fit into the column and we cannot auto fit the column as well then we will use the option
called wrap text which will fit the data in the cell by putting the data into next lines as well or we can merge and centre .

17.For seeing decimal data to percentage we can see by clicking on percentage icon. 
18.In Average row we will decrease the digits after decimal place to single digit.

Now we are going towards #Conditional Formatting(IMP. TOOL Provided by EXCEL)#
=>Used for visually highlighting the data so that it becomes more of understandable.

1.We will firstly highlight those students who have scored less than 35 mks for that we will first select the all marks
from table and head towards Conditional formatting found in HoME tab. 
=>In here we will go to highlight cell rules and will select less than value and will enter the mks and select 
light red fill with dark text.

2.We can also highlight top 10-15% or any percentage of students by going in top bottom rules and giving %.

3.We can also fill cells with color according to the % numbers the students got in the particular subjects by going into the
data bars option.

4.We can also set new rule i.e. can make new rule and apply it to the column/row selected.



NOW WE WILL SEE VIEW tab
=>Inside this tab we have a grid lines option and if we uncheck it then we won't see any lines outside the table.
=>Also we will untick headings option as it will not show us row and column no. and we will keep checked formula bar.


=>One IMP thing is freeze panes tool and this tool gives us three option
1.freeze top row.
2.freeze first column.
3.customize freeze(and we will use this)
=>In this option we have to select the cell whose top row and left column we want to freeze.